README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="http://cody.run"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tongueroo/cody/master/docs/img/logos/cody-with-text.png" /></a>
</div>

# Cody

![Build Status](https://codebuild.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/badges?uuid=eyJlbmNyeXB0ZWREYXRhIjoiWWFRbjVNQlIvZGtSS2NMTGlRY3pWYm1lTGFFSG5acDc4b09hL2lHWGVxeHZaMGYxVTc0cGEwOHBHWHF6MjZiNlZNU0JqS0lvTnZkdWI5enRDczRZYStnPSIsIml2UGFyYW1ldGVyU3BlYyI6ImsyUDJNc2E3SlpYOGFYYy8iLCJtYXRlcmlhbFNldFNlcmlhbCI6MX0%3D&branch=master)
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/cody.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/cody)

[![BoltOps Badge](https://img.boltops.com/boltops/badges/boltops-badge.png)](https://www.boltops.com)

Cody is an AWS CodeBuild Management Tool. Cody lets you create a AWS CodeBuild projects with a beautiful DSL.

The documentation site is at: [cody.run](https://cody.run/)

## Quick Start

    cody init
    cody deploy
    cody start

## Private Repo

IMPORTANT: Before deploying, if you are using a private repo, use [aws codebuild import-source-credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/codebuild/import-source-credentials.html) to add credentials so that codebuild can clone down the repo.  Refer to the [CodeBuilld Github Oauth/](https://cody.run/docs/github_oauth/) for more info.

## Usage

1. **init**: generate starter .cody files.
2. **deploy**: deploy the CodeBuild project on AWS.
3. **start**: kick off a CodeBuild project run.

### Init and Structure

First, run `cody init` to generate a starter `.cody` folder structure.

    $ tree .cody
    .cody
    ├── buildspec.yml
    ├── project.rb
    └── role.rb

File | Description
--- | ---
buildspec.yml | The build commands to run.  Here are the [buildspec.yml syntax docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codebuild/latest/userguide/build-spec-ref.html).
project.rb | The codebuild project written as a DSL. Here are the [Project DSL docs](https://cody.run/docs/dsl/project/)
role.rb | The IAM role associated with the codebuild project written as a DSL. Here are the [IAM Role DSL docs](https://cody.run/docs/dsl/role/)

### Deploy

Adjust the files in `.cody` to fit your needs. When you're ready, deploy the CodeBuild project with:

    cody deploy PROJECT_NAME

More examples:

    cody deploy # infers the CodeBuild project name from the parent folder
    cody deploy PROJECT_NAME # explicitly specify project name

It is useful to just see the generated CloudFormation template with `--noop` mode:

    cody deploy --noop # see generated CloudFormation template

For more help:

    cody deploy -h

### Start

When you are ready to start a codebuild project run, you can use `codebuild start`. Examples:

    cody start # infers the name from the parent folder
    cody start PROJECT_NAME # looks up project via CodeBuild project name

The `cody start` command understands multiple identifiers. It will look up the codebuild project either via CloudFormation or the CodeBuild project name.

## Project DSL

The tool provides a DSL to create a codebuild project.  Here's an example.

.cody/project.rb:

```ruby
# name("demo") # recommended to leave unset and use the conventional name that cody sets
github_url("https://github.com/tongueroo/demo-ufo")
linux_image("aws/codebuild/ruby:2.5.3-1.7.0")
environment_variables(
  UFO_ENV: "development",
  API_KEY: "ssm:/codebuild/demo/api_key" # ssm param example
)
```

Here's a list of some of the convenience shorthand DSL methods:

* github_url(url)
* github_source(options={})
* linux_image(name)
* linux_environment(options={})
* environment_variables(vars)
* local_cache(enable=true)

Please refer to [lib/codebuild/dsl/project.rb](lib/codebuild/dsl/project.rb) for the full list.

More slightly more control, you may be interested in the `github_source` and `linux_environment` methods.  For even more control, see [DSL docs](https://cody.run/docs/dsl/).

## IAM Role DSL

Cody can create the IAM service role associated with the codebuild project. Here's an example:

.cody/role.rb:

```ruby
iam_policy("logs", "ssm")
```

For more control, here's a longer form:

```ruby
iam_policy(
  action: [
    "logs:CreateLogGroup",
    "logs:CreateLogStream",
    "logs:PutLogEvents",
    "ssm:*",
  ],
  effect: "Allow",
  resource: "*"
)
```

You can also create managed iam policy.

```ruby
managed_iam_policy("AmazonS3ReadOnlyAccess")
```

## Schedule Support

.cody/schedule.rb:

```ruby
rate "1 day"
```

## Full DSL

The convenience DSL methods shown above are short and clean.  They merely wrap a DSL that map to the properties of CloudFormation resources like [AWS::CodeBuild::Project](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-codebuild-project.html) and [AWS::IAM::Role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-role.html). Refer the [DSL docs](https://cody.run/docs/dsl/) for more info.

## Type Option

By default, cody looks up files in the `.cody` folder.  You can affect the behavior of the Type logic with the `--Type` option.  More info [Type docs](https://cody.run/docs/type-option/).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem "cody"

And then execute:

    bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    gem install cody

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am "Add some feature"`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

respect no-wait option for cody start

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="http://cody.run"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tongueroo/cody/master/docs/img/logos/cody-with-text.png" /></a>
</div>

# Cody

![Build Status](https://codebuild.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/badges?uuid=eyJlbmNyeXB0ZWREYXRhIjoiWWFRbjVNQlIvZGtSS2NMTGlRY3pWYm1lTGFFSG5acDc4b09hL2lHWGVxeHZaMGYxVTc0cGEwOHBHWHF6MjZiNlZNU0JqS0lvTnZkdWI5enRDczRZYStnPSIsIml2UGFyYW1ldGVyU3BlYyI6ImsyUDJNc2E3SlpYOGFYYy8iLCJtYXRlcmlhbFNldFNlcmlhbCI6MX0%3D&branch=master)
[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/cody.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/cody)

[![BoltOps Badge](https://img.boltops.com/boltops/badges/boltops-badge.png)](https://www.boltops.com)

Cody is an AWS CodeBuild Management Tool. Cody lets you create AWS CodeBuild projects with a beautiful DSL. The documentation site is at: [cody.run](https://cody.run/)

## Quick Start

    cody init
    cody deploy
    cody start
    cody logs

## Private Repo

IMPORTANT: Before deploying, if you are using a private repo, use [aws codebuild import-source-credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/codebuild/import-source-credentials.html) to add credentials so that codebuild can clone down the repo.  Refer to the [CodeBuilld Github Oauth/](https://cody.run/docs/github_oauth/) for more info.

## Usage

1. **init**: generate starter .cody files.
2. **deploy**: deploy the CodeBuild project on AWS.
3. **start**: kick off a CodeBuild project run.

### Init and Structure

First, run `cody init` to generate a starter `.cody` folder structure.

    $ tree .cody
    .cody
    ├── buildspec.yml
    ├── project.rb
    └── role.rb

File | Description
--- | ---
buildspec.yml | The build commands to run.  Here are the [buildspec.yml syntax docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codebuild/latest/userguide/build-spec-ref.html).
project.rb | The codebuild project written as a DSL. Here are the [Project DSL docs](https://cody.run/docs/dsl/project/)
role.rb | The IAM role associated with the codebuild project written as a DSL. Here are the [IAM Role DSL docs](https://cody.run/docs/dsl/role/)

### Deploy

Adjust the files in `.cody` to fit your needs. When you're ready, deploy the CodeBuild project with:

    cody deploy PROJECT_NAME

More examples:

    cody deploy # infers the CodeBuild project name from the parent folder
    cody deploy PROJECT_NAME # explicitly specify project name

It is useful to just see the generated CloudFormation template with `--noop` mode:

    cody deploy --noop # see generated CloudFormation template

For more help:

    cody deploy -h

### Start

When you are ready to start a codebuild project run, you can use [codebuild start](https://cody.run/reference/cody-start/). Examples:

    cody start # infers the name from the parent folder
    cody start PROJECT_NAME # looks up project via CodeBuild project name

The `cody start` command understands multiple identifiers. It will look up the codebuild project either via CloudFormation or the CodeBuild project name.

The start command continuously polls the CodeBuild project and prints out the logs until the build completes. To disable this, use the `--no-wait` option.

    cody start PROJECT_NAME --no-wait

The logs from the Phase Details and CloudWatch Logs are both displayed. Because they come from 2 different sources, the logs can interlace.

## Project DSL

The tool provides a DSL to create a codebuild project.  Here's an example.

.cody/project.rb:

```ruby
# name("demo") # recommended to leave unset and use the conventional name that cody sets
github_url("https://github.com/tongueroo/demo-ufo")
linux_image("aws/codebuild/ruby:2.5.3-1.7.0")
environment_variables(
  UFO_ENV: "development",
  API_KEY: "ssm:/codebuild/demo/api_key" # ssm param example
)
```

Here's a list of some of the convenience shorthand DSL methods:

* github_url(url)
* github_source(options={})
* linux_image(name)
* linux_environment(options={})
* environment_variables(vars)
* local_cache(enable=true)

Please refer to [lib/codebuild/dsl/project.rb](lib/codebuild/dsl/project.rb) for the full list.

More slightly more control, you may be interested in the `github_source` and `linux_environment` methods.  For even more control, see [DSL docs](https://cody.run/docs/dsl/).

## IAM Role DSL

Cody can create the IAM service role associated with the codebuild project. Here's an example:

.cody/role.rb:

```ruby
iam_policy("logs", "ssm")
```

For more control, here's a longer form:

```ruby
iam_policy(
  action: [
    "logs:CreateLogGroup",
    "logs:CreateLogStream",
    "logs:PutLogEvents",
    "ssm:*",
  ],
  effect: "Allow",
  resource: "*"
)
```

You can also create managed iam policy.

```ruby
managed_iam_policy("AmazonS3ReadOnlyAccess")
```

## Schedule Support

.cody/schedule.rb:

```ruby
rate "1 day"
```

## Full DSL

The convenience DSL methods shown above are short and clean.  They merely wrap a DSL that map to the properties of CloudFormation resources like [AWS::CodeBuild::Project](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-codebuild-project.html) and [AWS::IAM::Role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-iam-role.html). Refer the [DSL docs](https://cody.run/docs/dsl/) for more info.

## Type Option

By default, cody looks up files in the `.cody` folder.  You can affect the behavior of the Type logic with the `--Type` option.  More info [Type docs](https://cody.run/docs/type-option/).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem "cody"

And then execute:

    bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    gem install cody

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am "Add some feature"`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
